README.md, before:

# Full-Stack-Developer Nanodegree

This repository includes the different work files of the Udacity Full-Stack-Developer nanodegree that focuses mostly on backend development with a bit of frontend development for visual rendering and web browser interactions with the backend.
The tech stack that I used all along is mostly Python and some inputs of JavaScript, HTML and CSS.


## Project 1: Fyurr booking app

This app was meant to be able to join the artists and the venues. It allows artists to list themselves on the platform and the same for the venues. Then each of them would indicate if they were looking ofr venues and talents respectively. Finally, the artists could list concerts by joining their profile to the venue and display all these informations at once.

Tech stack:
- `Python`
- `SQLAlchemy`
- `Flask`
- `PostgreSQL`

## Project 2: Trivia API

This second project was aimed at interfacing an SQL database with a `React` frontend to manage the questions of a Trivia game. These questions would later be used to power the Quizz Gameplay.

Commit message:

Updating the README file with project 1 and 2

README.md, after:

# Full-Stack-Developer Nanodegree

This repository includes the different work files of the Udacity Full-Stack-Developer nanodegree that focuses mostly on backend development with a bit of frontend development for visual rendering and web browser interactions with the backend.
The tech stack that I used all along is mostly Python and some inputs of JavaScript, HTML and CSS.


## Project 1: Fyurr booking app

This app was meant to be able to join the artists and the venues. It allows artists to list themselves on the platform and the same for the venues. Then each of them would indicate if they were looking ofr venues and talents respectively. Finally, the artists could list concerts by joining their profile to the venue and display all these informations at once.

<u>Tech stack</u>:
- `Python`
- `SQLAlchemy`
- `Flask`
- `PostgreSQL`


## Project 2: Trivia API

This second project was aimed at interfacing an SQL database with a `React` frontend to manage the questions of a Trivia game. These questions would later be used to power the Quizz Gameplay.

<u>Tech stack</u>:
- `React` (already implemented in the starter code) for the browser interaction
- `Python` for the backend code
- `Flask` as the basis of the backend
- `CORS` for handling one page interaction
- `unittest` to test the different endpoints
- `curl` to test the requests with command line instead of browser


## Project 3: Coffee shop full stack



## Project 4: Containerize and deploy an app on AWS EKS



## Project 5: Capstone project
